"Our chief, Orik ForestMaw,  has sent me to find the source of a great evil that has been gradually polluting our forest from a far.  If I can find and stop this evil I will prove myself worthy to lead the ForestFangs when the current chief is gone."

This is the part I want to partially change. So as the world was split due to the massive war, most of the kingdoms of the world have little to no communication.
There is a major capitol where all the races came together to fend off the evil over 1000 years prior called Alecester Vlora and that is where you tribe lives. The city still stands strong today and has developed into a kingdom of sorts.It also has teleportation networks linking the rest of the major cities to it.
We can say that your Chief sent you to join the Final Division and prove yourself among its ranks, which is the military and exploration unit for the kingdom. They operate out of an ancient castle called the Outpost of the Broken.
However, as the world outside the Kingdom is extremely dangerous the regiment for entering the Last Division is incredibly hard. To enter, you must face off against one other candidate in a fight to the death. Following this you are trained as a soldier and given a large scar on your back in the shape of a dragon as proof that you are a member of the Last Division. Often members will request to see your scar to validate if you are a member.
You joined the Last Division some 6 months ago, but due to lack of numbers you've been going on solo missions to clear caves of monsters or clear roads of dangers. However, your direct commander, Aura, has finally given you a real mission. A year prior to your joining a group was sent to Dalxead to investigate the rumors I mentions previously, but they have not returned yet. He sends you to the Port of Dalxead where you are met by the Last Division leader in the city, a blue dragonborn named Udovroth Shinkik.
He tells you that they have established a forward postion deep in the jungle. He brings you to this camp and tells you that diviners have had glimpses of the party you seek, but have been unable to directly locate them. He informs you that they must have gone far south and currently are at the end of some river.
He lends you a canoe and you set off down the river, fending of zombies of all types as well as many dinosaurs. After a 3 month journey down the river you come to a waterfall that overlooks a massive, abandoned city. Unfortunately, you were asleep on the canoe when reaching this waterfall and plunged into the water below. There you were met by a number of Yun-Ti who took you captive.
Thats where we are in the story. Hope that makes sense and just ask me if you have questions. Also, for rolling your character its just 4d6 drop the lowest and health is rolled as well.